Ok. Nice books and good delivery Nice Up to the mark. Please laminate these books Very concise and knowledgable book Its helpful. Good product Good
Book is very good and a1 quality paper good useful Print quality is an issue Good New book Excellent Pages were all folded and stuck together and print quality was very bad.
Nice book, I got the latest edition and the pages are nice and bright. Much better than class 1 book, that I had bought, last year. Contents are good. Poor print quality. Many pages not printed or misprinted. The seller does no quality check before dispatching. Good Product good FALTU Edges torn from both ends . Rest ok . ok Good and simple enough to understand Poor page quality Excellent book
Product Features: 1> Refurbished one. 2> Found in good Condition. 3> Delivery Average. 4> All the pages of the book are in Right Condition. Cons: 1> Bit Expensive This text book is good in quality but outer look is too bad....😔 U  will get a nice name  only when the outer look good....👍🏻 And about quality - it like a recycled book U must change the delivery of second hand books This book must be solved entirely by all CBSE class X board examination aspirants. Got in New condition Good book and well covered. But there are certain printing mistakes. Good Book for study and also Competitive EXAM. Excellent features , rarely found in more well-known brands. The book is excellent Excellent Good quality
Excellent! Before purchasing the book, I saw some of the reviews related to this book.. Some of them were negative comments.. I got scared that even my order would in a bad condition... But NO! The packing was very well done.. The book is perfectly sealed and I am happy with the condition of book.. I suggest to buy this amazon product.. As compare to packing charges (Rs. 40 each) the packing was very poor, books were totally opened from one side, and could be a risk in this rainy season. The book which we received has its edges blended and tired. Also the paper seems to be from a old stock. I got book damage...Nd pages miss print Good book to refer for NEET Old book...binding was torn Duplicate book wrost printing for the diagrams good... Awesome This book is a beginners guide and more or less complete package for ias,psc and wbcs aspirants.
A good short read. Awesome at some places and gets boring at some other places. Love the cover. Good writing skills. Narration is proper. Storyline is good too. A one time read Ratings - Title - 4/5 Cover - 4/5 Language - 3.5/5 Writing skills - 3.5/5 Storyline - 3.5/5 Narration - 3.5/5 Portrayal of characters - 3.5/5 Overall rating - 3.6/5 It was a straight forward murder with just that bit of whodunnit, but refusing to go deeper than required for a short story..so she did justice there. There were some obvious curiosities as to why the police were so aloof with Stuart's note - I'd be curious to know of other links. On a personal note, I'm surprised I once again picked up a story on abuse - to be able to pin point some red flags early on... and ponder long enough to think. A known and expected story written in a little interesting and confusing way. The best part is at every turn of the page, the reader will suspect every character. It is funny how a random text message can change one's life. But it is a way to move on also... Worth one time read. this book had a very genuine ending not that interesting........i thought that it would have an unexpected ending as it started intrestingly but it had an very very expected ending Worth a one time read.. predictable storyline, if read carefully paying attention to every minute things , in the very beginning itself...The ending could've been better.. The story was interesting with the hint of suspense at the beginning. But turned out quite predictable towards the end. Overall it is a okay read. Very nice book, carries a very good message for women, their independence and their decision making power Intriguing read Good catchy story. Keeps u you binded throughout. I wish it was longer. But i enjoyed reading. Good read. Enjoy.
Half pages of chapter 6 molecular basis of inheritance Are blank pages.They are not printed.Its 7 pages nit printed on the chapter. Book printing is not proper, some papers does not have printing. I suggest to buy these books in stationaries rather than online! So that you can chose ur desired product which is with no damage! Information provided in the book is good but, pages inside the book were in a  bended, torn situation and printing was very bad!!!! ncert books specially ncert biology are bible for NEET preparation because almost all question of biology comes from ncert biology. I received the book without ant problem.paper quality of the book is very good. Good Book.. But the printing could be Better.. Good 1. Few pages were a little torn(manufacturing error) otherwise ok Nice book. Worst product Good book to prepare for NEET.
Good for startup. Board is a replica not the original, build quality is ok. All items are neatly packed and tagged. Print quality of certain pages of the booklet is poor. One of the screw head meant to hold the board and wooden plank interferes with the panel. Got an error message of not able to connect to the board during the first time. tried to install the drivers etc., but found that it was issue with a cable. Used an old cable lying around and the upload worked. All components are nicely packed into individual zip lock bags. Included book is very informative. Suggestion: Including data sheets or part number of components would very helpful to find more information about components. It's nice but if u order from roboindia.com then u save some money Product is excellent. However, some of the pages on the instruction book were blank! (5 pages out of 99!) Not acceptable for otherwise such a good product Packing is good all components are very well packed and good for begginer to learn about Arduino  great Those who want to learn programming  with real world go for it Not compatible with latest arduino ide 1.8.5 , unable to upload sketch Very good product. A nice kit must buy for beginners
no
noLoved it..Nyc materialREAD MORE
,Transparent and design is differentREAD MORE
,very thin  and colurless..............READ MORE
,product was reaaly goodREAD MORE
,READ MORE
,undefined
,undefined
,niceREAD MORE
,The quality of curtain is not so good,its transparentREAD MORE
,Material is not good okay productREAD MORE
